Add machine deletion docs (#16793)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/machine-delete.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * machine_management/delete-machine.adoc

[id="machine-delete_{context}"]
= Deleting a specific machine

> You can delete specifics machine.

Reviewer: `s/specifics/a specific/`

.Prerequisites

* Install an {product-title} cluster and the `oc` command line.
* Log into `oc` as a user with `cluster-admin` permission.

.Procedure

. View the Machines that are in the cluster:
+
----
$ oc get machine -n openshift-machine-api
----
+

> The Machines are listed in the form of `<clusterid>-worker-<aws-region-az>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Machines are listed in the form of `<clusterid>-worker-<cloud-region>`.
```

. Delete the machine:
+
----
$ oc delete <machine> -n openshift-machine-api
----

+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> By default, the machine controller will try to drain the node backed by the machine until if succeeds. There are situations where draining is never able to succeed, e.g a bad pod disruption budget configuration. You can opt-out from draining by setting "machine.openshift.io/exclude-node-draining" in a specific machine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the machine controller tries to drain the node that is backed by the machine until it succeeds. In some situations, such as with a misconfigured pod disruption budget, where the drain operation cannot succeed. You can skip draining the node by setting "machine.openshift.io/exclude-node-draining" in a specific machine.
```

How do you know that you need to do this? Is there a downside to skip draining the node before you delete it? If not, this should be a step after you view the machine.

> By default, the machine controller tries to drain the node that is backed by the machine until it succeeds. In some situations, such as with a misconfigured pod disruption budget, the drain operation might not be able to succeed preventing the machine from being deleted. You can skip draining the node by setting "machine.openshift.io/exclude-node-draining" in a specific machine.

Reviewer: > You can skip draining the node by setting "machine.openshift.io/exclude-node-draining" in a specific machine.

`s/setting/annotating/`, maybe use the word **annotating** instead of **setting**.
